gh-92063:  Enforce types in specialized PRECALL opcodes (#92068)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-04-30-04-26-01.gh-issue-92063.vHnhf6.rst

> The ``PRECALL_METHOD_DESCRIPTOR_FAST_WITH_KEYWORDS`` instruction
> now ensures methods are called only on objects of the correct type.

Author: ```suggestion
Specialized forms of the ``PRECALL`` instruction
now ensure methods are called only on objects of the correct type.
```
